I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Peppa and George's Garden
Daddy Pig is sitting in his favorite sunny spot.
Ah! What a perfect day for doing nothing!
Daddy Pig loves doing nothing.
How could this be better? I know! A cup of tea!
Grandpa Pig has come to see Peppa and George.
Grandpa Pig.
Papa ig!
Hello, Peppa and George!
You are going to have your very own flower garden.
Woo! A garden for George and me!
I've got a packet of flower seeds for each of you.
Now, we need a nice sunny spot to plant your seeds.
Here we are!
Grandpa Pig is digging Peppa and George's garden.
Oh!
Ah! Tea for the workers. Thank you, Daddy Pig.
Er…what's going on?
We are making a flower garden.
Do we need a flower garden?
Yes!
But that's where I sit in my chair.
There are more important things
than chairs, Daddy Pig.
But I always read my newspapers here.
There are more important things
than newspapers, Daddy Pig.
Yes, like flowers.
Look, Daddy.
Peppa has lots of flower seeds.
George only has one flower seed,
but it is quite a big seed.
Could you fetch us some water, Daddy Pig?
Mm…OK!
Seeds need water to grow.
They get very thirsty.
Some little birds have come to watch.
Don't let the birds eat the seeds, Peppa.
Shoo! Shoo! Fly away, birdies.
Here is the water.
Daddy scared the birds away.
Ho-oh! Daddy Pig looks like a scare crow.
Ha ha ha!
Peppa, George, bath time!
Oh, but what if the birdies come back?
Don't worry, Peppa.
I'll make sure the birds don't eat the seeds.
Thank you, Daddy.
Good luck, Daddy Pig. See you tomorrow.
Bye!
Ah, this is nice.
Daddy, you have to be the scare crow.
What? Oh! Shoo! Shoo! Naughty birds.
Now, stay there until the birdies go to bed.
OK, Peppa.
All the birdies have gone to bed.
Daddy Pig can go inside now.
It is morning.
George, let's look at our flower garden.
Woo! Baby plants.
Morning! Ah, your plants have started to grow.
Soon, they'll have flowers on them.
A little snail has come to take a look.
Oh, dear! Snails like eating plants.
Grandpa Pig, can you take Barbra to your garden.
Erm…OK, I'll take care of Barbra.
It is one week later.
Peppa, George, come and look.
My flowers! They are so pretty.
And look at George's plant.
It's a beanstalk.
And it goes all the way up to a giant's castle.
Oh-oh. No, Peppa. But it does go quite high.
George's flower is taller than our house.
Oh-ho! George's grown a sunflower.
Well-done, George.
I love our flower garden.
Now, let's make you a vegetable garden.
But that's where I sit in my chair.
There are more important things
than chairs, Daddy Pig.
Like tomatoes, carrots, and potatoes.
I do like a nice potato.
Daddy pig loves potatoes.
Everyone loves potatoes.